[Music]
hello to all the friends of youtube I am
as Master 2 and today I bring you a
tutorial on how to install in minecraft
in the latest version always and be able
play online good let's catch we're going to
to give the link in the
description of the video
let's wait five seconds that we
piten
we do not understand and we give to jump
advertising
Lastly, do not be the work downloadable
we have a little does not take much does not arrive
nor to mega d
Of space
once downloaded we are going to
minecraft esp open and we can
open on either side of our
computer in any folder in
any site
[Music]
we give right button execute as
administrator if for whatever it is to have
windows 7 windows
if you do not have a tone
15 the lack now we put here our
username for the non line if
you want to put it in an online server
selected on your part and a term
we hope a little bit that is now
downloading the minecraft itself the main
I think it's quite a few
how many megabytes
I do not know exactly 30
and I liked it
[Music]
well once we have
the text of pax and all that so I already
we can
we can do whatever we want
well, nothing to pass on to him, whatever
you have a friend who wants to save
minecraft or something to pass this tutorial
in case you have doubt or whatever
and nothing that 's all a greeting and even the
next
[Music]